finally an imperfect synchrony it's time
for Deva and the four others to give
birth as the family gather at the den
the pregnant females head in
fathers brothers cousins pups all wait
outside relaxing it may be some time
before they have peace and quiet like
this again
you
unfortunately not every male in the
family is able to relax quite so
peacefully comms has always been
instrumental in raising the young and
fighting off rivals but it's looking
like those days may be over called out
of their slumber by the bleating cries
the other males go and investigate
inside they find a magical scene twelve
tiny fragile babies the bing-bong to
Devo and the other three manners the
infant's eyes are all still tightly shut
so for the next week or two the pups
will remain here tended by babysitters
and suckle communally by the new mothers